[ACR-1468][voice-control-manager] Add a new guide for Voice control manager APIs (#1395)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/native/guides/text-input/voice-control-manager.md

  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_do_action(type, send_event);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- To send the event and request message to a specific voice control engine, use `vc_mgr_send_specific_engine_request()`. This function must be called when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

  ```c
  void send_specific_engine_request(const char* engine_app_id, const char* event, const char* request)
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_send_specific_engine_request(engine_app_id, event, request);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

<a name="info"></a>
## Retrieve voice control information

To get information about the current states, service states, current and supported languages:

- Get the current voice control manager state using `vc_mgr_get_state()`. The voice control manager state changes according to the function calls:

  ```c
  void get_state()
  {
      vc_state_e current_state;
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_get_state(&current_state);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

> - Get the current voice control manager service state using `vc_mgr_get_service_state()`. If the application uses continuous recognition, the voice control service state can be changed from `VC_SERVICE_STATE_PROCESSING` directly to `VC_SERVICE_STATE_RECORDING`:

Reviewer: Checked this line in raw format, the spacing is fine. It is rendering with spaces due to code style.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43839737/111575680-ec2b2880-87d4-11eb-8659-a1e69a684819.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43839737/111575698-fbaa7180-87d4-11eb-9744-a88a12c22f26.png)

3.  Set commands.

    You can [create a command list](#commands), and add or remove individual commands in the list. While creating an individual command, you can set the command text and type for each command handle. When all the commands are created and added to the command list, you can set the command list to the voice control manager for recognition.

4.  Get the recognized command results and text results from Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR).

    The recognized command result and ASR are sent through a registered callback. You receive the command matching the utterance. Multiple recognition results can be retrieved, if the duplicated commands are registered or you request multiple commands. In this case, you can select or reject the results using the `vc_mgr_all_result_cb` callback registered by `vc_mgr_set_all_result_cb()`.

5.  When no longer needed, unprepare and deinitialize the voice control manager.

    You must disconnect the voice control service and deinitialize the voice control manager using `vc_mgr_unprepare()` and `vc_mgr_deinitialize()`.

The following figure illustrates the overall configuration for the voice control framework:

> 

Reviewer: Shouldn't we have a figure caption here?

Author: Yes, I add the caption for this figure. Thanks.

![Voice control manager framework](./media/voice_control_framework.png)

The voice control manager can start, stop, or cancel the voice recording, and the voice control service sends the recognized result to the voice control manager. The voice control client can register commands to recognize the voice and register them in each application.

The following figure illustrates the voice control manager life-cycle:

> **Figure: Life-cycle states of Voice control manager (left) and Voice control service (right)**

Reviewer: Just kept this caption as it further gives idea, what on left & right.

![Voice control manager and Voice control service life-cycle states](./media/voice_control_manager.png)

The following are the voice control service states:

> 1.  The user starts recording for recognition by using a voice control manager application, button, or voice trigger. If the start is successful, the voice control service state changes to `VC_SERVICE_STATE_RECORDING`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  The user starts recording for recognition by using a voice control manager application, button, or voice trigger. If the recording starts successfully, the voice control service state changes to `VC_SERVICE_STATE_RECORDING`.

Author: Thanks to check it. I will fix it.

  }
  ```

- Set the error callback to get invoked when an error occurs in the voice control manager process:

  ```c
  /* Callback */
  void
  __error_cb(vc_error_e reason, void* user_data)
  {
      /* Your code */
  }

  /* Set */
  void
  set_error_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_set_error_cb(__error_cb, NULL);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }

  /* Unset */
  void
  unset_error_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_unset_error_cb();
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- Set the speech detected callback to get invoked when the beginning of speech or the end of speech is detected:

  ```c
  /* Callback */
  void
  __speech_detected_cb(void* user_data)
  {
      /* Your code */
  }

  /* Set */
  void
  set_speech_detected_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_set_speech_detected_cb(__speech_detected_cb, NULL);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }

  /* Unset */
  void
  unset_speech_detected_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_unset_speech_detected_cb();
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

> - Set the dialog requested callback to get invoked when the voice control manager or engine requests conversation for additional information about the current utterance:

Reviewer: - Set the dialog requested callback to get invoked when the voice control manager or engine requests conversation for additional information about the current utterance:

What is meant by conversation here? Is it correct in this context? Please verify.

Author: For example, if the user says 'play music', the voice control manager app or the voice control service engine may need more information like which app launches to play music. In this case, the manager app or the service engine can request to play and display some text using this callback. That is, the manager app or the service engine can request additional information using Q&A using this callback function.
So, I use coversation because this kind of process(1. user says something 2. manager app asks question for more information 3. user says the answewr) is similar to human coversation.

          /* Error handling */
  }

  /* Unset */
  void
  unset_feedback_streaming_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_unset_feedback_streaming_cb();
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- Set Text-To-Speech (TTS) streaming callback function to be called when the voice control client (VC-Client) sends audio streaming for TTS feedback:

  ```c
  /* Callback */
  void
  __vc_tts_streaming_cb(int pid, int utt_id, vc_feedback_event_e event, char* buffer, int len, void *user_data)
  {
      /* Your code */
  }

  /* Set */
  void
  set_vc_tts_streaming_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_set_vc_tts_streaming_cb(__vc_tts_streaming_cb, NULL);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }

  /* Unset */
  void
  unset_vc_tts_streaming_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_unset_vc_tts_streaming_cb();
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

<a name="start_and_stop_recording"></a>
## Start and stop recording

You can start, stop, or cancel recording using voice control manager:

- To start the recording, use `vc_mgr_start()` with `exclusive_command_option` as the parameter.

>   The connected voice control service starts recording and the voice control service state is changed to `VC_SERVICE_STATE_RECORDING`. If the parameter `exclusive_command_option` value is `true`, the voice control service recognizes only the exclusive commands. `vc_mgr_start()` must be called when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

Reviewer: Please remove extra spacing.

```suggestion
- To start the recording, use `vc_mgr_start()` with `exclusive_command_option` as the parameter. The connected voice control service starts recording and the voice control service state is changed to `VC_SERVICE_STATE_RECORDING`. If the parameter `exclusive_command_option` value is `true`, the voice control service recognizes only the exclusive commands. `vc_mgr_start()` must be called when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

Author: Thanks. I will fix it.

  }
  ```

<a name="commands"></a>
## Manage commands

You can use command list to manage the commands. You can add or remove the commands to the command list and retrieve the command information using the command list.

To create a command list and commands:

1.  Create a command list with a command list handle.
    The command list can have multiple commands. Each command has a text and a type.
    The group can have `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_BACKGROUND`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_EXCLUSIVE`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_FOREGROUND`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM_BACKGROUND`, and `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_WIDGET` type commands:

    > [!NOTE]
    > The order of command group priority is `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_WIDGET`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_FOREGROUND`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM_BACKGROUND`, and `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_BACKGROUND`. The `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_EXCLUSIVE` type is used in special situations.
    > Normally, the `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM` and `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM_BACKGROUND` commands are only registered in the voice control manager.
    > The `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_FOREGROUND` and `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_BACKGROUND` commands are used in the voice control client application.

>     > The `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_WIDGET` command is automatically registered in the elementary on the screen.

Reviewer: Just to increase readability.
```suggestion 
    > [!NOTE]
    > - The order of command group priority is `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_WIDGET`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_FOREGROUND`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM_BACKGROUND`, and `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_BACKGROUND`. The `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_EXCLUSIVE` type is used in special situations.
    >-  Normally, the `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM` and `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM_BACKGROUND` commands are only registered in the voice control manager.
    >- The `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_FOREGROUND` and `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_BACKGROUND` commands are used in the voice control client application.
    >- The `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_WIDGET` command is automatically registered in the elementary on the screen.

    > The `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_EXCLUSIVE` commands have special priority, so these are used when recording starts with `vc_mgr_start(true)`.

>     > When recording starts with `vc_mgr_start(true)`, commands having other priorities are not recognized, only `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_EXCLUSIVE` commands are recognized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >- The `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_EXCLUSIVE` commands have special priority, so these are used when recording starts with `vc_mgr_start(true)`.
    >- When recording starts with `vc_mgr_start(true)`, commands having other priorities are not recognized, only `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_EXCLUSIVE` commands are recognized.

    ```c
    void
    create_command_list()
    {
        int ret;
        vc_cmd_list_h vc_cmd_list;
        ret = vc_cmd_list_create(&vc_cmd_list);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

> 2.  Create a command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Create a command, command handle, and then define the command and its type:

Author: To create and define a voice command, user creates the command handle and set the command text and type.

So,, how about this?
```suggestion
2.  Create a command with a command handle, and then set the command text and its type:
```

    ```c
    void
    remove_command(vc_cmd_list_h vc_cmd_list, vc_cmd_h vc_cmd)
    {
        int ret;
        ret = vc_cmd_list_remove(vc_cmd_list, vc_cmd);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */

        /* Destroy the command if no longer needed */
        ret = vc_cmd_destroy(vc_cmd);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

    To retrieve the commands you have added to the command list:

    - Use `vc_cmd_list_foreach_commands()` to get each command within a callback function:

      ```c
      bool
      __vc_get_command_cb(vc_cmd_h vc_command, void* user_data)
      {
          /* Your code */

          return true;
      }

      void
      foreach_command(vc_cmd_list_h vc_cmd_list)
      {
          int ret;
          vc_cmd_h vc_cmd;
          ret = vc_cmd_list_foreach_commands(vc_cmd_list, __vc_get_command_cb, NULL);
          if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
              /* Error handling */
      }
      ```

    - Use `vc_cmd_list_get_current()` to get the current command in an output parameter:

      > [!NOTE]

>       > When you get the command handle with `vc_cmd_list_get_current()`, do not release it. To release the command handle, call `vc_cmd_list_remove()` before `vc_cmd_destroy()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      > [!NOTE]
      > When you get the command handle with `vc_cmd_list_get_current()`, you must not release it. Instead to release the command handle, use `vc_cmd_list_remove()` before `vc_cmd_destroy()`.

Author: The command handle from `vc_cmd_list_get_current()` is still in the command list, so if user release the handle using `vc_cmd_destroy()`, the command list can occur problem.
So, if user want to release the command handle, we recommend that first remove the command handle from list using `vc_cmd_list_remove()` and then release the commad handle using `vc_cmd_destroy()`.

So I think 'instead' is not right we intednded. How about this?
```suggestion
      > [!NOTE]
      > When you get the command handle with `vc_cmd_list_get_current()`, you must not release it. If you want to release the command handle, use `vc_cmd_list_remove()` before `vc_cmd_destroy()`.
```

Reviewer: How about this? Although your suggestion is good too.
```suggestion
      > [!NOTE]
      > When you get the command handle with `vc_cmd_list_get_current()`, you must not release it, as releasing it directly may cause an error. To release the command handle, use `vc_cmd_list_remove()`, which removes the commands from the command list followed by  `vc_cmd_destroy()` to destroy the command list.

Author: Thanks.
I think your suggestion provides more detail information. I fix the description as yours.

    Prepare to invoke the voice control service for the background work, such as recording and recognizing the user's voice. When the application initializes and prepares the voice control manager, the voice control daemon is invoked and connected for the background work. The daemon and the application communicate as server and client.

3.  Set commands.

    You can [create a command list](#commands), and add or remove individual commands in the list. While creating an individual command, you can set the command text and type for each command handle. When all the commands are created and added to the command list, you can set the command list to the voice control manager for recognition.

4.  Get the recognized command results and text results from Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR).

    The recognized command result and ASR are sent through a registered callback.
    You receive the command matching the utterance.
    Multiple recognition results can be retrieved, if the duplicated commands are registered or you request multiple commands. In this case, you can select or reject the results using the `vc_mgr_all_result_cb` callback registered by `vc_mgr_set_all_result_cb()`.

> 

Reviewer: Text is fine, but tried to join in the sentences to form a paragraph. Is this fine ?
```suggestion
The recognized command result and ASR are sent through a registered callback. You receive the command matching the utterance. Multiple recognition results can be retrieved, if the duplicated commands are registered or you request multiple commands. In this case, you can select or reject the results using the `vc_mgr_all_result_cb` callback registered by `vc_mgr_set_all_result_cb()`.

      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- To send the event and request message to a specific voice control engine, use `vc_mgr_send_specific_engine_request()`. This function must be called when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

  ```c
  void send_specific_engine_request(const char* engine_app_id, const char* event, const char* request)
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_send_specific_engine_request(engine_app_id, event, request);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

<a name="info"></a>
## Retrieve voice control information

To get information about the current states, service states, current and supported languages:

- Get the current voice control manager state using `vc_mgr_get_state()`.
  The voice control manager state changes according to the function calls:

  ```c
  void get_state()
  {
      vc_state_e current_state;
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_get_state(&current_state);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- Get the current voice control manager service state using `vc_mgr_get_service_state()`.

>   If the application uses continuous recognition, the voice control service state can be changed from `VC_SERVICE_STATE_PROCESSING` directly to `VC_SERVICE_STATE_RECORDING`:

Reviewer: Rectified spacing issue
```suggestion
- Get the current voice control manager service state using `vc_mgr_get_service_state()`. If the application uses continuous recognition, the voice control service state can be changed from `VC_SERVICE_STATE_PROCESSING` directly to `VC_SERVICE_STATE_RECORDING`:

    ```c
    void
    create_command_list()
    {
        int ret;
        vc_cmd_list_h vc_cmd_list;
        ret = vc_cmd_list_create(&vc_cmd_list);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

2.  Create a command.
    Create a command handle, and then define the command and type:

    ```c
    void
    create_command()
    {
        int ret;
        vc_cmd_h vc_cmd = NULL;
        ret = vc_cmd_create(&vc_cmd);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */

        ret = vc_cmd_set_command(vc_cmd, "open");
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */

        ret = vc_cmd_set_type(vc_cmd, VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

3.  Add the command to the command list:

    ```c
    void
    add_command(vc_cmd_list_h vc_cmd_list, vc_cmd_h vc_cmd)
    {
        int ret;
        ret = vc_cmd_list_add(vc_cmd_list, vc_cmd);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

>     If necessary, you can also remove commands from the command list. After you remove command and you no longer use it, destroy the command handle with `vc_cmd_destroy()` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If necessary, you can also remove commands from the command list. After you remove command and you no longer use it, destroy the command handle with `vc_cmd_destroy()`:

    ```c
    /* Unset the command list */
    void
    unset_command(int type)
    {
        int ret;
        ret = vc_unset_command_list(type);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }

    /* Destroy the command handle */
    void
    destroy_command(vc_cmd_h vc_cmd)
    {
        int ret;
        ret = vc_cmd_destroy(vc_cmd);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }

    /* Destroy the command list handle */
    void
    destroy_command_list(vc_cmd_list_h vc_cmd_list)
    {
        int ret;
        ret = vc_cmd_list_destroy(vc_cmd_list, true); /* true destroys all commands */
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

<a name="register_command"></a>
## Register commands

- You can register the commands for recognition by setting the command list to the voice control service from a file that includes the commands. The parameter `file_path` is used to get the path of the file.
  If you want to update the registered commands, set the command list again with the updated commands:

  ```c

>   void set_command_list_from_file(const char* file_path)

Reviewer: can we write like this ?
```suggestion
  void set_command_list_from_file(const char* <file_path>)

Author: This is kind of example code and your suggestion is wrong on C language grammar.
So, I am going to keep this code.

  {
      /// file path contents.
      /*
          {
              "system": [
                  {
                  "format": "0",
                  "domain": "0",
                  "cmd": "open"
                  },
                  {
                  "format": "0",
                  "domain": "0",
                  "cmd": "test"
                  }
              ]
          }
      */

      int ret;

>       ret = vc_mgr_set_command_list_from_file(file_path, VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ret = vc_mgr_set_command_list_from_file(<file_path>, VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM);

    ```c
    #include <voice_control_manager.h>
    ```

3.  Initialize the voice control with `vc_mgr_initialize()`:

    ```c
    void
    initialize_voice_control_manager()
    {
        int ret;
        ret = vc_mgr_initialize();
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

    If the function call is successful, the voice control state changes to `VC_STATE_INITIALIZED`.

    > [!NOTE]
    > The voice control feature is not thread-safe and depends on the Ecore main loop. Implement voice control within the Ecore main loop and do not use it in a thread.

3.  Prepare the voice control service with `vc_mgr_prepare()`, which connects the background voice control daemon. The daemon records and recognizes audio data and converts sound to text:

    ```c
    void
    prepare_voice_control_manager()
    {
        int ret;
        ret = vc_mgr_prepare();
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

>     `vc_mgr_prepare()` is asynchronous. When the preparation succeeds, the voice control manager state changes from `VC_STATE_INITIALIZED` to `VC_STATE_READY`. The error callback is triggered if `vc_mgr_prepare()` fails.

Reviewer: >Can you explain which function name has 'the'?
The first vc_mgr_prepare() starts with 'the', but the next vc_mgr_prepare() has no 'the'.
I do not know why.

the is used when there is a classifier. 

Like 

The  `vc_mgr_prepare` property is defined...
As per our style guide, if there is a function name like prepare(), we do not write it like 
The prepare() function, instead we write prepare() . As a developer explicitly reads it as prepare function, when he/she sees ()

So when the function(classifier) is removed, the becomes irrelevant.

4.  When the voice control manager is no longer needed, unprepare and deinitialize it:

    ```c
    void
    unprepared_vc()
    {
        int ret;
        ret = vc_mgr_unprepare();
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }

    void
    deinitialize_voice_control()
    {
        int ret;
        ret = vc_mgr_deinitialize();
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

    When `vc_mgr_unprepare()` succeeds, the voice control manager state changes from `VC_STATE_READY` to `VC_STATE_INITIALIZED`.

    > [!NOTE]
    > You must not call `vc_mgr_deinitialize()` in a callback. If called within a callback, `vc_mgr_deinitialize()` fails and returns `VC_ERROR_OPERATION_FAILED`.

<a name="callback"></a>
## Managing callbacks

For information on the callback functions, see the `voice_control_common.h` and `voice_control_manager.h` header files.

You can set and unset callbacks to get notifications about recognition results, state changes, and errors:

> [!NOTE]
> Set and unset all callbacks when the voice control manager state is `VC_STATE_INITIALIZED`.

> - Set the state changed callback to get invoked when the voice control manager state changes:

Reviewer: https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1395/files#r574985835

  ```c
  /* Callback */
  void
  state_changed_cb(vc_state_e previous, vc_state_e current, void* user_data)
  {
      /* Your code */
  }

  /* Set */
  void
  set_state_changed_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_set_state_changed_cb(state_changed_cb, NULL);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }

  /* Unset */
  void
  unset_state_changed_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_unset_state_changed_cb();
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

> - Set the service state changed callback to get invoked when the Voice control service state changes:

Reviewer: **Changed** can be used after the action is done,
When a callback is called, it performs some manipulations, state changes from X to Y. And when this execution/manipulation is complete, the proper verb that must be used is **changed**. 

But here we are just starting to call the callback, which means till now no execution/ manipulation is done , which also means **one state is not modified to another yet**  then verb that must be used is change. 

This means that the call back that is just called can be used to change the state from X to Y. And when state change is done, we can say change state callback changed X state to Y. 

The state was changed from X to Y.  (Action is already completed)

Not 

The state was change from X to Y. (Grammatically wrong) 

Which is improper usage of verb (change).

Service state change call back can changed state from X to Y. 

When X is changed to Y (There is obviously some time taken, such that the change has occurred, and now we can say X has changed to Y) it's a thing of the past now. that's why change. 

Let me know if you did not understand, same goes with https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1395#discussion_r569900048

https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1395#discussion_r569898840

If you wish to keep it as is, please ignore such comments then.

> - Set the service state changed callback to get invoked when the Voice control service state changes:

Reviewer: If you wish it to be like that, then it is fine. I got your point.

> - Set the service state changed callback to get invoked when the Voice control service state changes:

Reviewer: Missed one
```suggestion
- Set the service state changed callback to get invoked when the voice control service state changes:

      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- Set the pre recognition result updated callback to get invoked when the voice control engine sets the pre recognition results (partial ASR) to voice control manager:

  ```c
  /* Callback */
  void
  __pre_result_cb(vc_pre_result_event_e event, const char *result, void *user_data)
  {
      /* Your code */
  }

  /* Set */
  void
  set_pre_result_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_set_pre_result_cb(__pre_result_cb, NULL);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }

  /* Unset */
  void
  unset_pre_result_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_unset_pre_result_cb();
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- Set the all recognition result received callback to get invoked when voice control engine sends the all recognition result to voice control manager.
  In the callback, the recognized result, recognized text, and the engine message results are included.
  The recognized result can include more than two voice commands, if the two voice commands have the same command string and are registered by each voice control clients.

>   If you want to select specific command in the recognized result, you can use `vc_mgr_set_selected_results()` in the callback:

Reviewer: > Is this sentence means that developer can set a callback that includes all the recognition results and that is invoked when all the recognition results received?
Because the name of callback is vc_all_result_cb, I use the all recognition result received callback to match the name of callback.
If your sentence has right meaning, I will fix it.
It is hard to decide whether your sentence is right.
Please share your opinion.

>   If you want to select specific command in the recognized result, you can use `vc_mgr_set_selected_results()` in the callback:

Reviewer: @stom-hwang 

- Set all the recognition result received call back to get invoked when the voice control engine sends all recognition results to the voice control manager.  **(This is the same as the original)**

In the callback, the recognized result, recognized text, and the engine message results are included. **(This is the same as the original)**

The recognized result can include more than two voice commands, if those two voice commands have the same command string and are registered by each voice control clients.  **( I have just added those)**

If you want to select specific command in the recognized result, you can use `vc_mgr_set_selected_results()` in the callback: **( This is the same as the original)**

Let me know what made you think like that.

  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_start(exclusive_command_option);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- To stop recording, use `vc_mgr_stop()`.
  The recording stops and the voice control service state is changed to `VC_SERVICE_STATE_PROCESSING`. When the recognition command result is processed, the `vc_result_cb` callback is invoked and the voice control service state changes back to `VC_SERVICE_STATE_READY`. `vc_mgr_stop()` must be called when the voice control service is in the `VC_SERVICE_STATE_RECORDING` state:

  ```c
  void stop_recording()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_stop();
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- To cancel the recording, use `vc_mgr_cancel()`.
  This function must be called when the voice control service is in the `VC_SERVICE_STATE_RECORDING` or `VC_SERVICE_STATE_PROCESSING` state:

  ```c
  void cancel_recording()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_cancel();
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

<a name="send_requests"></a>
## Send requests

You can send requests using the voice control manager:

> - To send the event information to the voice control engine in the purpose of activating specific action, use `vc_mgr_do_action()`.

Reviewer: >Is it intended to make one line?
Previous senteces like '- To cancel the recording...' are still two lines.
I think there is no difference of context.

This is used in the context of the previous sentence, that's why these two sentences must be connected/together.
```suggestion
- To send the event information to the voice control engine for the purpose of activating specific action, use `vc_mgr_do_action()`. This function must be called when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- Get the current language using `vc_mgr_get_current_language()`.
  Use the language changed callback to get notifications for any language change. `vc_mgr_get_current_language()` is not used when the voice control service is in the `VC_SERVICE_STATE_NONE` state:

  ```c
  void
  get_current_language()
  {
      int ret;
      char* current_lang = NULL;
      ret = vc_mgr_get_current_language(&current_lang);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- Get the microphone volume during recording using `vc_mgr_get_recording_volume()`.
  The recording volume value is retrieved periodically with the short-term recorded sound data as decibels (dB). The recording volume normally has a negative value, and `0` is the maximum value. `vc_mgr_get_recording_volume()` is used when the voice control service is in the `VC_SERVICE_STATE_RECORDING` state:

  ```c
  void get_recording_volume()
  {
      int ret;
      float recording_volume = 0.0f;
      ret = vc_mgr_get_recording_volume(&recording_volume);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

> - Get or set the audio in type using `vc_mgr_get_audio_type()` and `vc_mgr_set_audio_type()`.
>   The audio type values can be `VC_AUDIO_ID_BLUETOOTH` or `VC_AUDIO_ID_MSF` in the string. These functions are used when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get or set the audioIn type using `vc_mgr_get_audio_type()` and `vc_mgr_set_audio_type()`.
  The audio type values can be `VC_AUDIO_ID_BLUETOOTH` or `VC_AUDIO_ID_MSF` in the string. These functions are used when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:
```

Please verify is it correct to write audioIn?

Author: Yes, the type means where the audio source is comming from.
Thus, I think just `audio type` is okay, because it is the same as the function name.

  ```c
  /* Get */
  void get_audio_type()
  {
      int ret;
      char* audio_id = NULL;
      ret = vc_mgr_get_audio_type(&audio_id);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }

  /* Set */
  void set_audio_type(const char* audio_id)
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_set_audio_type(audio_id);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- Get or set the recognition mode using `vc_mgr_get_recognition_mode()` and `vc_mgr_set_recognition_mode()`.

>   The default value of recognition mode is `VC_RECOGNITION_MODE_STOP_BY_SILENCE`. If you want to set the manual mode, you can use `VC_RECOGNITION_MODE_MANUAL`. These functions are used when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get or set the recognition mode using `vc_mgr_get_recognition_mode()` and `vc_mgr_set_recognition_mode()`. The default value of recognition mode is `VC_RECOGNITION_MODE_STOP_BY_SILENCE`. If you want to set the manual mode, you can use `VC_RECOGNITION_MODE_MANUAL`. These functions are used when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

  ```c
  /* Get */
  void get_recognition_mode()
  {
      int ret;
      vc_recognition_mode_e mode;
      ret = vc_mgr_get_recognition_mode(&mode);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }

  /* Set */
  void set_recognition_mode(vc_recognition_mode_e mode)
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_set_recognition_mode(mode);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

> - Get or set private data between voice control manager and voice control engine using `vc_mgr_get_private_data()` and `vc_mgr_set_private_data()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
- Get or set private data between voice control manager and voice control engine using `vc_mgr_get_private_data()` and `vc_mgr_set_private_data()`.
  `vc_mgr_get_private_data()` is used when the parameters move from voice control engine to voice control manager.  `vc_mgr_set_private_data()` is used when the parameters move from voice control manager to voice control engine. These functions are used when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

Author: I miss the suggestion. thatnks.

  `vc_mgr_get_private_data()` is used when the parameters move from voice control engine to voice control manager.
  `vc_mgr_set_private_data()` is used when the parameters move from voice control manager to voice control engine.
  These functions are used when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

  ```c
  /* Get */
  void get_private_data(const char* private_key)
  {
      int ret;
      char* data = NULL;
      ret = vc_mgr_get_private_data(private_key, &data);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }

  /* Set */
  void set_private_data(const char* private_key, const char* private_data)
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_set_private_data(private_key, private_data);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

<a name="commands"></a>

> ## Managing commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
 ## Manage commands

        ret = vc_cmd_set_command(vc_cmd, "open");
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */

        ret = vc_cmd_set_type(vc_cmd, VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

3.  Add the command to the command list:

    ```c
    void
    add_command(vc_cmd_list_h vc_cmd_list, vc_cmd_h vc_cmd)
    {
        int ret;
        ret = vc_cmd_list_add(vc_cmd_list, vc_cmd);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

    If necessary, you can also remove commands from the command list. After you remove command and you no longer use it, destroy the command handle with `vc_cmd_destroy()` function:

    ```c
    void
    remove_command(vc_cmd_list_h vc_cmd_list, vc_cmd_h vc_cmd)
    {
        int ret;
        ret = vc_cmd_list_remove(vc_cmd_list, vc_cmd);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */

        /* Destroy the command if no longer needed */
        ret = vc_cmd_destroy(vc_cmd);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

    To retrieve the commands you have added to the command list:

>     - You can use `vc_cmd_list_foreach_commands()` to get each command within a callback function:

Reviewer: For consistency
```suggestion
    - Use `vc_cmd_list_foreach_commands()` to get each command within a callback function:

                  ret = vc_cmd_get_command(vc_cmd, &command);
                  if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
                      /* Error handling */

                  if (NULL != command) {
                      /* Command must be released */
                      free(command);
                  }

                  ret = vc_cmd_get_type(vc_cmd, &type);
                  if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
                      /* Error handling */
                  /* Do not release the command handle */
              }

              ret = vc_cmd_list_next(vc_cmd_list);
          } while (VC_ERROR_ITERATION_END != ret);
      }
      ```

4.  Register the commands for recognition by setting the command list to the voice control.
    If you want to update registered commands, set the command list again with the updated commands:

    ```c
    void
    set_command(vc_cmd_list_h vc_cmd_list, int type)
    {
        int ret;
        ret = vc_set_command_list(vc_cmd_list, type);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

5.  When no longer needed, unset the command list, and destroy the command and command list handles.

>     When you destroy the command list, all the commands in the command list are not automatically released. If you no longer need the commands, set the second parameter of `vc_cmd_list_destroy()` to `true`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
5.  When no longer needed, unset the command list and destroy the command and command list handles. When you destroy the command list, all the commands in the command list are not automatically released. If you no longer need the commands, set the second parameter of `vc_cmd_list_destroy()` to `true`:

    {
        int ret;
        ret = vc_cmd_list_destroy(vc_cmd_list, true); /* true destroys all commands */
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

<a name="register_command"></a>
## Register commands

- You can register the commands for recognition by setting the command list to the voice control service from a file that includes the commands. The parameter `file_path` is used to get the path of the file.
  If you want to update the registered commands, set the command list again with the updated commands:

  ```c
  void set_command_list_from_file(const char* file_path)
  {
      /// file path contents.
      /*
          {
              "system": [
                  {
                  "format": "0",
                  "domain": "0",
                  "cmd": "open"
                  },
                  {
                  "format": "0",
                  "domain": "0",
                  "cmd": "test"
                  }
              ]
          }
      */

      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_set_command_list_from_file(file_path, VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

> - Checks whether the command format is supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
 - Check whether the command format is supported:

    > Do not call the `vc_mgr_deinitialize()` function in a callback. Within a callback, the `vc_mgr_deinitialize()` function fails and returns `VC_ERROR_OPERATION_FAILED`.

<a name="callback"></a>
## Managing callbacks

For more information on the callback functions, see the `voice_control_common.h` and `voice_control_manager.h` header files, where they are defined.

To set and unset callbacks to get notifications about recognition results, state changes, and errors:

> [!NOTE]
> Set and unset all callbacks when the voice control manager state is `VC_STATE_INITIALIZED`.

- Set the state changed callback to be invoked when the voice control manager state changes:

  ```c
  /* Callback */
  void
  state_changed_cb(vc_state_e previous, vc_state_e current, void* user_data)
  {
      /* Your code */
  }

  /* Set */
  void
  set_state_changed_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_set_state_changed_cb(state_changed_cb, NULL);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }

  /* Unset */
  void
  unset_state_changed_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_unset_state_changed_cb();
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

> - Set the service state changed callback to be invoked when the Voice control service state changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
- Set the service state change callback to get invoked when the Voice control service state changes:

  ```c
  /* Callback */
  void
  __service_state_changed_cb(vc_service_state_e previous, vc_service_state_e current, void* user_data)
  {
      /* Your code */
  }

  /* Set */
  void
  set_service_state_changed_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_set_service_state_changed_cb(__service_state_changed_cb, NULL);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }

  /* Unset */
  void
  unset_service_state_changed_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_unset_service_state_changed_cb();
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

> - Set the current language changed callback to be invoked when the voice control setting language changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the current language change callback to get invoked when the voice control setting language changes:

  ```c
  /* Callback */
  void
  __current_language_changed_cb(const char* previous, const char* current, void* user_data)
  {
      /* Your code */
  }

  /* Set */
  void
  set_current_language_changed_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_set_current_language_changed_cb(__current_language_changed_cb, NULL);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }

  /* Unset */
  void
  unset_current_language_changed_cb()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_unset_current_language_changed_cb();
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

> - Set the error callback to be invoked when an error occurs in the voice control manager process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
- Set the error callback to get invoked when an error occurs in the voice control manager process:

  ```c
  void stop_recording()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_stop();
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- To cancel recording, use the `vc_mgr_cancel()` function.
  This function must be called when the voice control service is in the `VC_SERVICE_STATE_RECORDING` or `VC_SERVICE_STATE_PROCESSING` state:

  ```c
  void cancel_recording()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_cancel();
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

<a name="send_requests"></a>
## Send requests

You can send requests using the voice control manager:

- To send the event information to the voice control engine in purpose of activating specific action, use the `vc_mgr_do_action()` function.
  This function must be called when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

  ```c
  void send_do_action(vc_send_event_type type, char* send_event)
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_do_action(type, send_event);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- To send the event and request message to a specific voice control engine, use the `vc_mgr_send_specific_engine_request()` function.

>   This function must be called when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

Author: Why 'This function' is used in this sentece?
On previous seteneces, you suggest to change 'This function' to each exact function name.

  ```c
  void send_specific_engine_request(const char* engine_app_id, const char* event, const char* request)
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_send_specific_engine_request(engine_app_id, event, request);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

<a name="info"></a>
## Retrieving voice control information

To get information about the current states, service states, current and supported languages:

- Get the current voice control manager state using the `vc_mgr_get_state()` function.

>   The voice control manager state changes according to function calls:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get the current voice control manager state using `vc_mgr_get_state()`. The voice control manager state changes according to the function calls:

  ```c
  void get_state()
  {
      vc_state_e current_state;
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_get_state(&current_state);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- Get the current voice control manager service state using the `vc_mgr_get_service_state()` function.

>   If the application uses continuous recognition, the voice control service state can be changed from `VC_SERVICE_STATE_PROCESSING` directly to `VC_SERVICE_STATE_RECORDING`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get the current voice control manager service state using `vc_mgr_get_service_state()`. If the application uses continuous recognition, the voice control service state can be changed from `VC_SERVICE_STATE_PROCESSING` directly to `VC_SERVICE_STATE_RECORDING`:

  ```c
  void get_service_state()
  {
      vc_service_state_e service_state;
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_get_service_state(&service_state);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- Get the supported languages using the `vc_mgr_foreach_supported_languages()` function that triggers a separate callback for each language.
  As long as the callback returns `true`, the foreach function continues to loop over the supported languages.

>   This function is not used when the voice control service is in the `VC_SERVICE_STATE_NONE` state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get the supported languages using `vc_mgr_foreach_supported_languages()` that triggers a separate callback for each language. As long as the callback returns `true`, the function continues to loop over the supported languages. This function is not used when the voice control service is in the `VC_SERVICE_STATE_NONE` state:

  ```c
  bool
  __supported_language_cb(const char* language, void* user_data)
  {
      return true; /* To continue to get the next language */

      return false; /* To stop the loop */
  }

  void
  get_supported_language()
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_foreach_supported_languages(__supported_language_cb, NULL);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

> - Get the current language using the `vc_mgr_get_current_language()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
- Get the current language using `vc_mgr_get_current_language()`.
  Use the language change callback to get notifications for any language change. This function is not used when the voice control service is in the `VC_SERVICE_STATE_NONE` state:

  Use the language change callback to get notifications for any language change.
  This function is not used when the voice control service is in the `VC_SERVICE_STATE_NONE` state:

  ```c
  void
  get_current_language()
  {
      int ret;
      char* current_lang = NULL;
      ret = vc_mgr_get_current_language(&current_lang);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

> - Get the microphone volume during recording using the `vc_mgr_get_recroding_volume()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
- Get the microphone volume during recording using `vc_mgr_get_recroding_volume()`.
  The recording volume value is retrieved periodically with the short-term recorded sound data as decibels (dB). The recording volume normally has a negative value, and `0` is the maximum value. This function is used when the voice control service is in the `VC_SERVICE_STATE_RECORDING` state:

  The recording volume value is retrieved periodically with the short-term recorded sound data as decibels (dB).
  The recording volume normally has a negative value, and 0 is the maximum value.
  This function is used when the voice control service is in the `VC_SERVICE_STATE_RECORDING` state:

  ```c
  void get_recording_volume()
  {
      int ret;
      float recording_volume = 0.0f;
      ret = vc_mgr_get_recording_volume(&recording_volume);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- Get or set the audio in type using the `vc_mgr_get_audio_type()` and `vc_mgr_set_audio_type()` functions.
  The audio type values can be `VC_AUDIO_ID_BLUETOOTH` or `VC_AUDIO_ID_MSF` in string.

>   These functions are used when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
- Get or set the audio in type using `vc_mgr_get_audio_type()` and `vc_mgr_set_audio_type()`.
  The audio type values can be `VC_AUDIO_ID_BLUETOOTH` or `VC_AUDIO_ID_MSF` in the string. These functions are used when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

  ```c
  /* Get */
  void get_audio_type()
  {
      int ret;
      char* audio_id = NULL;
      ret = vc_mgr_get_audio_type(&audio_id);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }

  /* Set */
  void set_audio_type(const char* audio_id)
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_set_audio_type(audio_id);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

- Get or set the recognition mode using the `vc_mgr_get_recognition_mode()` and `vc_mgr_set_recognition_mode()` functions.
  The default value of recognition mode is `VC_RECOGNITION_MODE_STOP_BY_SILENCE`. If you want to set the manual mode, you can use `VC_RECOGNITION_MODE_MANUAL`.

>   These functions are used when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
- Get or set the recognition mode using `vc_mgr_get_recognition_mode()` and `vc_mgr_set_recognition_mode()`. The default value of recognition mode is `VC_RECOGNITION_MODE_STOP_BY_SILENCE`. If you want to set the manual mode, you can use `VC_RECOGNITION_MODE_MANUAL`. These functions are used when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

  ```c
  /* Get */
  void get_recognition_mode()
  {
      int ret;
      vc_recognition_mode_e mode;
      ret = vc_mgr_get_recognition_mode(&mode);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }

  /* Set */
  void set_recognition_mode(vc_recognition_mode_e mode)
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_set_recognition_mode(mode);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

> - Get or set private data between voice control manager and voice control engine using the `vc_mgr_get_private_data()` and `vc_mgr_set_private_data()` functions.
>   `vc_mgr_get_private_data()` is used when the parameters move from voice control engine to voice control manager.
>   `vc_mgr_set_private_data()` is used when the parameters move from voice control manager to voice control engine.
>   These functions are used when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:

Reviewer: Parameters move ? can you please let me know what is the intention here? 

I just gave a suggestion, kindly verify. 

```suggestion 
- Get or set private data between voice control manager and voice control engine using `vc_mgr_get_private_data()` and `vc_mgr_set_private_data()`.
  The `vc_mgr_get_private_data()` is used when the parameters are passed from the voice control engine to the voice control manager and vice versa. These functions are used when the voice control manager is in the `VC_STATE_READY` state:
```

Author: Using `vc_mgr_get_private_data()`, the voice control manager gets the `data` of `private_key`. It means that the voice control engine sends the `data` of `private_key`.
And the voice control manager sets the `data` of `private_key` using `vc_mgr_set_private_data()`. By this function, the voice control manager sends the `data` to the voice control engine.

  ```c
  /* Get */
  void get_private_data(const char* private_key)
  {
      int ret;
      char* data = NULL;
      ret = vc_mgr_get_private_data(private_key, &data);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }

  /* Set */
  void set_private_data(const char* private_key, const char* private_data)
  {
      int ret;
      ret = vc_mgr_set_private_data(private_key, private_data);
      if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

<a name="commands"></a>
## Managing commands

You can use command list to manage the commands. You can add or remove the commands to the command list and retrieve the command information using the command list.

To create a command list and commands:

1.  Create a command list with a command list handle.
    The command list can have multiple commands. Each command has a text and a type.

>     The group can have `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_BACKGROUND`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_EXCLUSIVE`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_FOREGROUND`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM_BACKGROUND`, and `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_WIDGET` type commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Create a command list with a command list handle.
    The command list can have multiple commands. Each command has a text and a type.
    The group can have `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_BACKGROUND`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_EXCLUSIVE`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_FOREGROUND`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM_BACKGROUND`, and `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_WIDGET` type commands:

    > [!NOTE]

>     > The order of command group priority is `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_WIDGET`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_FOREGROUND`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM_BACKGROUND`, and `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_BACKGROUND`. The `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_EXCLUSIVE` is used on special situation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
    > The order of command group priority is `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_WIDGET`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_FOREGROUND`, `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM_BACKGROUND`, and `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_BACKGROUND`. The `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_EXCLUSIVE` is used in special situations.

    > Normally, the `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM` and `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM_BACKGROUND` commands are only registered in the voice control manager.
    > The `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_FOREGROUND` and `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_BACKGROUND` commands are used in the voice control client application.

>     > The `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_WIDGET` command is automatically registered in the elementary on the screen.

Reviewer: Not clear. 
What is elementary?

Author: Elementary means the UI object like button, check box, text label, and so on.
https://docs.tizen.org/application/native/api/mobile/6.0/group__Elementary.html

    > The `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_EXCLUSIVE` commands have special priority, so these are used when recording starts with `vc_mgr_start(true)`.
    > When recording starts with `vc_mgr_start(true)`, commands having other priorities are not recognized, only `VC_COMMAND_TYPE_EXCLUSIVE` commands are recognized.

    ```c
    void
    create_command_list()
    {
        int ret;
        vc_cmd_list_h vc_cmd_list;
        ret = vc_cmd_list_create(&vc_cmd_list);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

2.  Create a command.

>     First create a command handle, and then define the command and type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Create a command.
    Create a command handle, and then define the command and type:

    ```c
    void
    create_command()
    {
        int ret;
        vc_cmd_h vc_cmd = NULL;
        ret = vc_cmd_create(&vc_cmd);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */

        ret = vc_cmd_set_command(vc_cmd, "open");
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */

        ret = vc_cmd_set_type(vc_cmd, VC_COMMAND_TYPE_SYSTEM);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

> 3.  Add the command to the command list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 3.  Add the command to the command list:

    ```c
    void
    add_command(vc_cmd_list_h vc_cmd_list, vc_cmd_h vc_cmd)
    {
        int ret;
        ret = vc_cmd_list_add(vc_cmd_list, vc_cmd);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

>     If necessary, you can also remove commands from the command list. After you remove a command, if you no longer use it, destroy the command handle with the `vc_cmd_destroy()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     If necessary, you can also remove commands from the command list. After you remove command and you no longer use it, destroy the command handle with `vc_cmd_destroy()`:

    ```c
    void
    remove_command(vc_cmd_list_h vc_cmd_list, vc_cmd_h vc_cmd)
    {
        int ret;
        ret = vc_cmd_list_remove(vc_cmd_list, vc_cmd);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */

        /* Destroy the command if no longer needed */
        ret = vc_cmd_destroy(vc_cmd);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

    To retrieve the commands you have added to the command list:

>     - You can use the `vc_cmd_list_foreach_commands()` function to get each command within a callback function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To retrieve the commands you have added to the command list:

    - You can use `vc_cmd_list_foreach_commands()` to get each command within a callback function:

      ```c
      bool
      __vc_get_command_cb(vc_cmd_h vc_command, void* user_data)
      {
          /* Your code */

          return true;
      }

      void
      foreach_command(vc_cmd_list_h vc_cmd_list)
      {
          int ret;
          vc_cmd_h vc_cmd;
          ret = vc_cmd_list_foreach_commands(vc_cmd_list, __vc_get_command_cb, NULL);
          if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
              /* Error handling */
      }
      ```

    - You can use the `vc_cmd_list_get_current()` function to get the current command in an output parameter.

      > [!NOTE]

>       > When you get the command handle with the `vc_cmd_list_get_current()` function, do not release it. To release the command handle, call the `vc_cmd_list_remove()` function before the `vc_cmd_destroy()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You can use `vc_cmd_list_get_current()` to get the current command in an output parameter:

      > [!NOTE]
      > When you get the command handle with `vc_cmd_list_get_current()`, do not release it. To release the command handle, call `vc_cmd_list_remove()` before `vc_cmd_destroy()`.

          vc_cmd_h vc_cmd;
          char* command = NULL;
          int type = 0;

          ret = vc_cmd_list_get_count(vc_cmd_list, &count);
          if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
              /* Error handling */

          if (0 >= count) {
              /* Error handling */

              return;
          }

          ret = vc_cmd_list_first(vc_cmd_list);
          if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
              /* Error handling */

          do {
              ret = vc_cmd_list_get_current(vc_cmd_list, &vc_cmd);
              if (VC_ERROR_NONE == ret) {
                  ret = vc_cmd_get_command(vc_cmd, &command);
                  if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
                      /* Error handling */

                  if (NULL != command) {
                      /* Command must be released */
                      free(command);
                  }

                  ret = vc_cmd_get_type(vc_cmd, &type);
                  if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
                      /* Error handling */
                  /* Do not release the command handle */
              }

              ret = vc_cmd_list_next(vc_cmd_list);
          } while (VC_ERROR_ITERATION_END != ret);
      }
      ```

> 4.  Register the commands for recognition by setting the command list to the voice control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  Register the commands for recognition by setting the command list to the voice control.
    If you want to update registered commands, set the command list again with the updated commands:

    If you want to update registered commands, set the command list again with the updated commands.

    ```c
    void
    set_command(vc_cmd_list_h vc_cmd_list, int type)
    {
        int ret;
        ret = vc_set_command_list(vc_cmd_list, type);
        if (VC_ERROR_NONE != ret)
            /* Error handling */
    }
    ```

5.  When no longer needed, unset the command list, and destroy the command and command list handles.
    When you destroy the command list, all the commands in the command list are not automatically released.

>     If you no longer need the commands, set the second parameter of the `vc_cmd_list_destroy()` function to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  When no longer needed, unset the command list, and destroy the command and command list handles.
    When you destroy the command list, all the commands in the command list are not automatically released. If you no longer need the commands, set the second parameter of `vc_cmd_list_destroy()` to `true`:

# Voice Control Manager

> Voice control manager features allow you to record voice and give responses for the recognized voice commands. You can register general and system voice commands such as "power on", "power off", "music play", "music stop", and so on. In addition, you can start and stop voice recording. When the voice recording is finished, you can receive multiple recognition results such as Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) and matched commands from the commands list, which is registered by the application using the voice control client.

Reviewer 2: **Original :** You can register general and system voice commands such as "power on", "power off", "music play", "music stop", and so on.

1. **Suggested :** You can register general, and system voice commands 

   In this sentence, it means you register "general voice commands" and "system voice commands".
   So adding a comma before "and" doesn't seem good to me.

2. Also, "power on", "power off", "music play" and "music stop" are commands, not UI elements or else.
   So I think "" is good to apply to the "commands".

3. Changing "In addition" to "Also".
   @annie-samsung This kind of updating suggestion is less effective comparing to the time used to update the file & to check the comments, so how about reducing this kind of review? It takes too much time to cross check the comments but doesn't improve the quality of sentence a lot comparing to the effort.

**Reference page :** https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/blob/master/docs/application/dotnet/guides/text-input/voice-control-manager.md

> Voice control manager features allow you to record voice and give responses for the recognized voice commands. You can register general and system voice commands such as "power on", "power off", "music play", "music stop", and so on. In addition, you can start and stop voice recording. When the voice recording is finished, you can receive multiple recognition results such as Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) and matched commands from the commands list, which is registered by the application using the voice control client.

Reviewer 3: > **Original :** You can register general and system voice commands such as "power on", "power off", "music play", "music stop", and so on.
> 
> 1. **Suggested :** You can register general, and system voice commands
>    In this sentence, it means you register "general voice commands" and "system voice commands".
>    So adding a comma before "and" doesn't seem good to me.
> 2. Also, "power on", "power off", "music play" and "music stop" are commands, not UI elements or else.
>    So I think "" is good to apply to the "commands".
> 3. Changing "In addition" to "Also".
>    @annie-samsung This kind of updating suggestion is less effective comparing to the time used to update the file & to check the comments, so how about reducing this kind of review? It takes too much time to cross check the comments but doesn't improve the quality of sentence a lot comparing to the effort.
> 
> **Reference page :** https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/blob/master/docs/application/dotnet/guides/text-input/voice-control-manager.md

@mijin85cho , I agree, @nawab-samsung please provide comments only if you see any grammatical issues,, any typos, missing information, or if there are any style issues. With the just two of us reviewing now, this would help us save time and also help to increase the turn around time and close the PR faster.

The main features of the Voice control manager API include:

-   Initialize voice control manager handle and registering callbacks.
    -   You can initialize a voice control manager handle and only one handle can work on the device.
    -   You can [get notifications](#callback) of state changes, language changes, recognition results, specific results from service engine and errors by registered callbacks.

-   Managing commands

>     -   You can register commands as System, Widget, Foreground, SystemBackground, and Background type on the voice control service. When you speak a registered command, the callback returns the recognized result.

Reviewer 2: **Original :** Initialize voice control manager **handle** and registering callbacks.
**Suggestion  :** Initialize voice control manager **to handle** and register callbacks.

I'm worried it seems the original sentence is to talk about "voice control manager handle", not about "voice control manager which will handle". Would you please check again?

**Original :** You can [get notifications](#callback) of state changes, language changes, recognition results, specific results from service engine **and** errors by registered callbacks.
**Suggestion  :** Get [notifications](#callback) of state changes, language changes, recognition results, **and** specific results from service engine **and** errors by registered callbacks.

I don't get why "and" is added once more to this list.
it seems the notifications are for "state changes", "language changes", " recognition results". "specific results (from service engine)", and "errors (by registered callbacks)",
Isn't one "and" enough in front of "errors"? Why another "and" is added before "specific results"?

>     -   You can register commands as System, Widget, Foreground, SystemBackground, and Background type on the voice control service. When you speak a registered command, the callback returns the recognized result.

Reviewer: @mijin85cho thanks

>     -   You can register commands as System, Widget, Foreground, SystemBackground, and Background type on the voice control service. When you speak a registered command, the callback returns the recognized result.

Reviewer: @stom-hwang yes you are right.

-   Getting the recognition result
    -   The recognition result is invoked by the registered event handler.
    -   You can get a matched command list from the voice control engine.
    -   You can select command among matched commands.

-   Retrieving information
    -   You can [get various information](#info) from the voice control manager:
        -   Voice control manager state
            -   The state is changed by function calls and applied as a precondition for each API.
        -   Voice control service state
            -   The voice control service states are controlled by starting and stopping command recognition.
        -   Current language
            -   You can get the current language that the voice control engine uses as a base to recognize your utterance.
            -   Only the commands based on the current language can be recognized. Therefore, your utterance must be in the current language.
            -   The current language can be changed in application settings or by changing the language on the device display.
        -   Supported language

>             -   You can retrieve a list of supported languages to check whether the language that you want is supported.

Reviewer 2: Starting, stopping, and canceling recognition ->  Start, stop, and cancel recognition
Getting the recognition result -> Get the recognition result
...

I don't get why these list items are changed into verb form.
Please refer https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/988#discussion_r365081063

>             -   You can retrieve a list of supported languages to check whether the language that you want is supported.

Reviewer: @mijin85cho  sure, got it. Shall revert.

To use the voice control manager:

1.  Initialize the voice control manager and [register callbacks](#callback).

    The initialization allows the voice control manager to distinguish your application from any other application that also uses voice control. Only one voice control manager application can work on the device. Therefore, if another application including voice control manager exists, your application cannot work properly on the same device.

    The registered callbacks can be notified of the changes in service status, current language, recognition results, and errors.

2.  Prepare the voice control manager

    The preparation connects the Voice control service for background work, such as recording and recognizing the user voice.

    When the application initializes and prepares the voice control manager, the voice control daemon is invoked and connected for background work. The daemon and the application communicate as server and client.

2.  Set commands.

>     You can [create a command list](#commands), and add or remove individual commands in the list. While creating an individual command, set the command text and type for each command handle. When all the commands are created and added to the command list, set the command list to the voice control manager for recognition.

Author: Thanks. I will fix it.

3.  Prepare the voice control manager.

    The preparation connects the voice control service. When the connection is complete, the service state changes to `Ready`.

>     When the application initializes and prepares the voice control manager, the voice control service is invoked and connected for the background work. The service and the application communicate as server and client.

Reviewer: This seems to be repetitive, please check. 
Lines 48-53 is same as 58-63.

> 4.  Get the recognized command result and ASR.

Reviewer: Is it like this ? 
4.  Get the recognized command result with Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR).

Author: Yes, the result includes commands list matching to the recorded utterance and the text result from ASR.

That is,
recognzied command result = commands list
ASR = text result from ASR

>     The recognized command result and ASR are sent through a registered callback.

Reviewer: I think recognition id done using ASR, I might be incorrect but correct me if i am wrong. 

If my understanding is correct line 67 needs rephrase.

Author: 'The recognized command result' means the commands(voice control command instance) list.
'ASR' means the text string result from ASR.

So, callback includes two results, one is commands list and other is text result.
Line 67 explains detail of commands list result.

>     You can receive the command matching result that the user uttered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You receive the command matching to the utterance of the user.
